[MUSIC]
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
there are a few ways that we can change or
add items in an array.
The first way is that we can
reference them by number and
just update the value and
that will override it.
The second way to do it is
to use this method called
push that's available on any array.
If we push a new value,
it'll just add it on to the end.
And running this will return the number,
the length of the new list.
There's also a function called pop,
which will
pop off the last value in that list and
return that.
So let's do some exercises.
So we have our fruits array here.
If I wanted to change the first item,
>> Nina Zakharenko: To,
let's say Apricot,
>> Nina Zakharenko: I
would access this array by index.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
then if I look at my fruits array again,
we'll see that the first
item has changed to Apricot.
To add on a new item to the end of
the list, we'll do fruits.push.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Add
a new fruit on there.
The value that's returned is
the length of our new array,
which has four values in it.
If we want to start removing elements from
the end of the list, we'll do fruits.pop.
>> Nina Zakharenko: This
function takes no values, so
we can just go ahead and
do that until our list is empty.
>> Speaker 2: Is there a way of adding
something to the head of the list or
does it always have to go to the unshift?
>> Nina Zakharenko: What's that?
>> Speaker 2: Unshift.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Unshift.
So, would you just do this?
>> Speaker 2: Mm-hm.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So,
let's just add some more values on there.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
this is our current state of the array and
let's try unshift again
with a different fruit.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
if we look at fruits now,
we'll see that Nectarine has been
added to the beginning of the list.